Week 2:
 According to Lanham, what I perceive to be the beginnings of attention economy is when he brings up “human nature” (9). He explains, “We might think of this inherited set of adaptive patterns, of behavioral inclinations, as the attention capital of humankind. It represents the stored-up impulse to pay attention to certain kinds of things in certain kinds of ways” (9). The reason why attention economy is so relevant, according to Lanham, is because of the inherited sense of attention passed down since the dawn of man. In a simpler sense, mankind just has a reason for attention economy. On that same prehistoric track, “stuff” has a similar beginning.

            The difference between “stuff” and “non stuff” is how we as humans perceive the items. Lanham says, “If you interpret nature as matter and energy, you create the industrial society within which we have grown accustomed to living. Real persons dig materials out of the earth’s crust and make stuff out of them. Stuff, things that you can drop on your foot, predominates” (4-5). By this logic, “stuff” is the natural elements nature has provided. They are the things that aid in the survival of the earth and the organisms that live on/within it. “Fluff” is the design of that “stuff.” Lanham goes on to say, “Made objects, from buildings to airplanes, find their beginning and central reality in computer-assisted design and manufacture” (5). The manufacturing of that “stuff” is what creates the “fluff.”

In a more modern sense, attention economy is simply the organization of our thoughts into relevant information. Lanham says “Computer ‘knowbots,’ as we now call them, digital librarians, would organize our attention for us […],” which further proves the natural instincts we already have (8). Computers do the work for us, but that’s how our eyes and brain already work. The eyes filter the things we see, then the brain filters it into the most useful information to successfully help us understand the world around us, or even keep us alive. Attention economy is the stuff we are born with.

            The place of design in the attention economy is in the theater of operations. The more common place is within the computer-human interface designers (17). “The Internet constitutes the pure case of attention economy,” thus being the modern attention economy design (17). The design of the substance that it is being reflected on creates a different dynamic depending on that substance. For instance, “The printed page depends on an economics of deprival. No color, no movement, images in careful moderation,” but this was a limit we had until only recently (Lanham 20). Attention economy takes on a new definition when it is applied to the screen. Plexiglas allows a pilot to see “[…] the physical world and the information needed to make sense of it in the same visual field and toggle back and forth between them almost instantaneously” (Lanham 16-17). The same thing applies to video games, especially in those games like Call of Duty where you toggle between choosing a gun and trying not to be attacked by zombies and giant killer bees.

            This is the difference that it has from information economy. Lanham says “An information economy […] implies a fundamental figure/ground reversal in how we think about the world we live in. We always knew it had form, but the reality was the stone you kicked with your foot” (6). The difference is that the stone used to be the attention grabber; it was intentionally kicked. However, with all this new information buzzing around our heads, now its only purpose is to be in our way while we search for more information. Instead of strategically sorting through the things fighting for our attention, we (sometimes) seek out useless information just because it’s there to soak up.
            
            Week 5:
             Other than adding a search bar at the top of the webpage, there are other ways to successfully and efficiently navigate a web page. After all, some people may go to a website without knowing exactly what it is they are looking for.

            In the Nielsen Norman Group’s article, “How Chunking Helps Content Processing,” the argument is made that chunking blocks of information is helpful to the user in the way that items are not written as giant walls of endless writing. Also, chunking helps with memorization and comprehension of what was just read. Chunking is created as an imitation of what the brain already does to help us understand and retain information. NNG says, “When information enters memory, it can be recoded so that related concepts are grouped together into one such chunk.” This allows our brain to have one less step when trying to navigate through a web page. Chunking is also relevant in everyday life. Phone numbers are chunks, and we all have an addiction to our phone to some extent. As NNG says, “Chunking is critical for presenting content that users can comprehend and remember easily,” so if the information on the screen is important, it should be chunked strategically to ensure better consumption.

            Another way to navigate a web page is to put things in simple terms. In NNG’s article, “Avoid Category Names That Suck,” it is crucial to keep the user’s knowledge in mind. It is very possible that the user will not know jargon or other terms related to the website, so it is best to be clear and unassuming about the language used. NNG offers five tips in creating category names that can be made decipherable to the user:

Choose descriptive words and phrases that your users relate to, even if they sound boring
Avoid made-up words or terms
Check for overlapping categories
Use classification schemes that communicate attributes your users can decipher
Don’t rely on your instincts when deciding label names
Instead of forcing the users to guess which category to pick, possibly making them choose a wrong category and backtrack, leading to frustration and potential loss of a consumer, it would be better for everyone to just make category names that make sense and provide enough information to help the user out as much as possible.

            A third way to help with navigation is to help with navigation. Regardless of where the user is on the website, it is important to keep them grounded in where they ultimately are on every page. In NNG’s article “Navigation: You Are Here,” they suggest to use certain mechanisms so the user has a firm grasp on their orientation. They say to do these things:

Logo and branding
Navigation change
Headings
Window (page) title
URL
Breadcrumbs
Contextual clues
Visual design changes
Steps
Each one of these bullet points is a way to ensure confidence in the user about where they are, and also to help them continue to navigate and search through the website by giving them these visual cues.

            In general, these strategies help people read and process information online because they depend on natural functions of the brain. In the real world, we look for logos and brand names to familiarize things. We take the necessary steps to complete a task, whatever that task may be. We naturally chunk information to help us retain and remember what is necessary. Following NNG’s suggestions will help websites gain more traffic.

            Tripadvisor.com seems to be a pretty good website. The color scheme makes sense with the website. It’s colorful and inviting. The logo is well known and could probably be identified outside of the website. It has headings with categories of different places travellers might be interested in. The logo is splashed in multiple locations throughout the website, keeping the user grounded in where they are at. They even have some of the most popular cities around the world as their own category for easy identification. There doesn’t seem to be much wrong with the site.

            Etsy.com also seems to be like a decent site. There are lots of categories for just about everything anyone could shop for. They don’t have a logo, but they do have their name scattered around the site as a reminder. The category options are obvious and they have pictures to further supplement the titles. They have reviews on the page. One flaw that I see is they have links to other websites. I understand they want to help people find what they’re looking for, but it seems counterproductive since they’re sending traffic away from their own site.
            
            Week 12:
            Pertaining to arguments of copyright laws in the public domain, I am torn with the the rules of copyright law. In the Public Domain and Orphan Works section of what we read, it is argued that "Copyright owners should be more realistic about the debt they owe to others: no author creates out of thin air." However, because of the instated laws and protection of people's works, I understand why people would say the artwork was stolen since he didn't give proper credit. While giving proper citations is annoying (as we all know since most of us write papers on the reg), giving a quick shout-out to where the artwork was found or simply giving credit to the creator, is not.

Pertaining to fair use, if artwork wasn't meant to be seen, why release it in a public forum? In the Fair Use section we read, it is said "Textbooks are created for an educational audience. When we are the intended audience for materials, or when we use a work in the same way that the author intended it to be used when she created it, we are not 'repurposing' the work for a new audience." The same can be said for artwork. If it is put on a public forum, I would assume the reason for that is so it can be seen. Preston Jacobs used the artwork in the way it was intended to be used.

I don't think Mr. Jacobs had malicious intent when he used the artwork for his videos, however, his response to those who suggested he should give due credit was disrespectful. It would have been easier to apologize and give credit than try to argue his way out of not giving credit. I don't think it matters that the creators of the artwork would only receive four or five cents, they are still entitled to their money and credit for their work. What I believe to be wrong about this situation is that Mr. Jacobs didn't give credit after he was asked to. If he still decided not to give credit, then he should have just taken the pictures down.
