According to Lanham, what I perceive to be the beginnings of attention economy is when he brings up “human nature” (9).
He explains, “We might think of this inherited set of adaptive patterns, of behavioral inclinations, as the attention capital of humankind.
It represents the stored-up impulse to pay attention to certain kinds of things in certain kinds of ways” (9). The reason why attention 
economy is so relevant, according to Lanham, is because of the inherited sense of attention passed down since the dawn of man. In a 
simpler sense, mankind just has a reason for attention economy. On that same prehistoric track, “stuff” has a similar beginning.

The difference between “stuff” and “non stuff” is how we as humans perceive the items. Lanham says, “If you interpret nature as matter and
energy, you create the industrial society within which we have grown accustomed to living. Real persons dig materials out of the earth’s 
crust and make stuff out of them. Stuff, things that you can drop on your foot, predominates” (4-5). By this logic, “stuff” is the natural
elements nature has provided. They are the things that aid in the survival of the earth and the organisms that live on/within it. “Fluff” 
is the design of that “stuff.” Lanham goes on to say, “Made objects, from buildings to airplanes, find their beginning and central reality
in computer-assisted design and manufacture” (5). The manufacturing of that “stuff” is what creates the “fluff.”

In a more modern sense, attention economy is simply the organization of our thoughts into relevant information. Lanham says “Computer 
‘knowbots,’ as we now call them, digital librarians, would organize our attention for us […],” which further proves the natural instincts 
we already have (8). Computers do the work for us, but that’s how our eyes and brain already work. The eyes filter the things we see, then
the brain filters it into the most useful information to successfully help us understand the world around us, or even keep us alive. 
Attention economy is the stuff we are born with.

The place of design in the attention economy is in the theater of operations. The more common place is within the computer-human interface
designers (17). “The Internet constitutes the pure case of attention economy,” thus being the modern attention economy design (17). The 
design of the substance that it is being reflected on creates a different dynamic depending on that substance. For instance, “The printed 
page depends on an economics of deprival. No color, no movement, images in careful moderation,” but this was a limit we had until only 
recently (Lanham 20). Attention economy takes on a new definition when it is applied to the screen. Plexiglas allows a pilot to see “[…] 
the physical world and the information needed to make sense of it in the same visual field and toggle back and forth between them almost 
instantaneously” (Lanham 16-17). The same thing applies to video games, especially in those games like Call of Duty where you toggle 
between choosing a gun and trying not to be attacked by zombies and giant killer bees.

This is the difference that it has from information economy. Lanham says “An information economy […] implies a fundamental figure/ground 
reversal in how we think about the world we live in. We always knew it had form, but the reality was the stone you kicked with your foot” 
(6). The difference is that the stone used to be the attention grabber; it was intentionally kicked. However, with all this new information
buzzing around our heads, now its only purpose is to be in our way while we search for more information. Instead of strategically sorting 
through the things fighting for our attention, we (sometimes) seek out useless information just because it’s there to soak up.
