Other than adding a search bar at the top of the webpage, there are other ways to successfully and efficiently navigate a web page. After 
all, some people may go to a website without knowing exactly what it is they are looking for.

In the Nielsen Norman Group’s article, “How Chunking Helps Content Processing,” the argument is made that chunking blocks of information is
helpful to the user in the way that items are not written as giant walls of endless writing. Also, chunking helps with memorization and 
comprehension of what was just read. Chunking is created as an imitation of what the brain already does to help us understand and retain 
information. NNG says, “When information enters memory, it can be recoded so that related concepts are grouped together into one such 
chunk.” This allows our brain to have one less step when trying to navigate through a web page. Chunking is also relevant in everyday life. 
Phone numbers are chunks, and we all have an addiction to our phone to some extent. As NNG says, “Chunking is critical for presenting 
content that users can comprehend and remember easily,” so if the information on the screen is important, it should be chunked 
strategically to ensure better consumption.

Another way to navigate a web page is to put things in simple terms. In NNG’s article, “Avoid Category Names That Suck,” it is crucial to 
keep the user’s knowledge in mind. It is very possible that the user will not know jargon or other terms related to the website, so it is 
best to be clear and unassuming about the language used. NNG offers five tips in creating category names that can be made decipherable to 
the user:
-Choose descriptive words and phrases that your users relate to, even if they sound boring
-Avoid made-up words or terms
-Check for overlapping categories
-Use classification schemes that communicate attributes your users can decipher
-Don’t rely on your instincts when deciding label names
Instead of forcing the users to guess which category to pick, possibly making them choose a wrong category and backtrack, leading to 
frustration and potential loss of a consumer, it would be better for everyone to just make category names that make sense and provide 
enough information to help the user out as much as possible.

A third way to help with navigation is to help with navigation. Regardless of where the user is on the website, it is important to keep 
them grounded in where they ultimately are on every page. In NNG’s article “Navigation: You Are Here,” they suggest to use certain 
mechanisms so the user has a firm grasp on their orientation. They say to do these things:
-Logo and branding
-Navigation change
-Headings
-Window (page) title
-URL
-Breadcrumbs
-Contextual clues
-Visual design changes
-Steps
Each one of these bullet points is a way to ensure confidence in the user about where they are, and also to help them continue to navigate 
and search through the website by giving them these visual cues.

In general, these strategies help people read and process information online because they depend on natural functions of the brain. In the 
real world, we look for logos and brand names to familiarize things. We take the necessary steps to complete a task, whatever that task may
be. We naturally chunk information to help us retain and remember what is necessary. Following NNG’s suggestions will help websites gain 
more traffic.

Tripadvisor.com seems to be a pretty good website. The color scheme makes sense with the website. It’s colorful and inviting. The logo is 
well known and could probably be identified outside of the website. It has headings with categories of different places travellers might 
be interested in. The logo is splashed in multiple locations throughout the website, keeping the user grounded in where they are at. They 
even have some of the most popular cities around the world as their own category for easy identification. There doesn’t seem to be much 
wrong with the site.

Etsy.com also seems to be like a decent site. There are lots of categories for just about everything anyone could shop for. They don’t have
a logo, but they do have their name scattered around the site as a reminder. The category options are obvious and they have pictures to 
further supplement the titles. They have reviews on the page. One flaw that I see is they have links to other websites. I understand they 
want to help people find what they’re looking for, but it seems counterproductive since they’re sending traffic away from their own site.
