To begin with, I want to make it clear that I am, in no way, technologically savvy. My Mac was a gift, and I have only used it to write 
papers and watch Netflix. I know it has other purposes, but not once have I cared to even find out what those purposes are. Even then, it 
took me months to figure out how to scroll down a page. Using two fingers on the mouse was a concept that completely blew my mind. When the
knowledge of what coding is sunk in, I realized I was about to embark on something completely foreign in language and in practice.

Setting up the accounts was the easy part. Navigating Github was hard enough, but that first HTML lesson was absolute hell. Believing I 
could accomplish all six modules the night before it was due was an utter mistake. I spent four nights on Codecademy, cursing myself for 
being one of those students who wait last minute, and also talking myself out of crying because I knew that would help nothing. Once I got 
past the first lesson and project, things went a little smoother. I learned that the hints weren’t always helpful. They hint at things that
aren’t the problem, and only by learning the language was I able to find the problem myself. Eventually, I used the hint just to check 
myself. When there was a tedious task, I would use it to make sure I completed the language as opposed to making sure I completed the task 
correctly. That was a major accomplishment and probably also my proudest moment.

When I finally got the language down, I was able to skim through and find little errors that I made. HTML is not the most fun, but when I 
finished everything, I came to understand that I kind of enjoyed it. I feel like only a freak would say such things, but it was something 
entirely new and I had learned a lot (at least it felt like a lot) of things about it. Then module four came along and brought CSS with it.
I was frustrated to have spent so much time learning HTML, and when I thought I had mastered it, another language was thrown at me. I was 
upset to know that all the stress, guilt, and time I spent on learning HTML would be repeated just to learn CSS. I went into it with a 
negative vibe, but came out with a sigh of relief.

CSS wasn’t as hard to learn as HTML. Perhaps this was because I understood more the ins and outs of the language, or maybe it was just 
because I learned that having patience was the best way to get through it. Whatever it was, CSS was a breeze compared to HTML. The language
itself was easier to learn; there weren’t so many specific things to put between each link and image and whatever else we had to put in 
there. CSS was also cleaner aesthetically. The code was more visible with all the spaces and brackets. The lines were more clearly defined.
In my opinion, the coding made more sense in general.

Overall, I would say that Codecademy has definitely shown me a different realm of the computer world. I have heard about coding before, but
it seemed to only be associated with high-tech hackers who did nothing all day except hack. I’m glad I was able to see a peek of what it’s 
like behind the scenes. I’m sure there are so many other things related to coding, but this was a neat and stressful way to learn about it.
