Website 1: nasa.gov

Bite
This website caters to the general audience. People who are simply interested in space exploration, or people who know the science behind 
all the technology can find interesting and helpful information on this easy to use site. The page is basic but full. There is no negative 
space, but the way the categories are blocked and highlighted makes it easy to differentiate one from another.

Snack
nasa.gov contains information about how politics will affect space exploration, upcoming events, past and future explorations of our 
immediate outer space, the progress of what our satellites continually make, and future attempts to further space exploration. There are 
multiple sections separated from each other with headlines describing what each section is about. Pictures are included in these sections 
to further describe the headline. On the top of the page, there are multiple links with one-word descriptions. There are two sets of links,
one set with information that would probably be better for visitors who do not know much about the science part of NASA but are still 
interested in what they do and what kinds of pictures they take. The second set is geared more towards those who have been following rover 
journeys, the technology behind the rovers and rockets, and history about NASA.

Meal
Some strengths of this site are how easy it is to navigate. When I mouse over the links like “Mission” or “Galleries,” a simple drop down 
menu appears with a list of possible options that the user might be interested in. For example, under the “Galleries” menu, the drop down 
offers “Image of the Day, Image Galleries, Videos, Ultra High-Def Videos, Usage and Copyright.” Each option is easy to decipher because 
everything is in simple terms. Also, the drop down happens when the mouse is directly over the word. I did not have to click on the link 
for the options to be shown to me. This saved time because I did not have to click on a link just to learn it did not have the information
I wanted, then go back to the home page to do it all over again. The way NASA has the home page setup makes it obvious that they 
“understand the conversations they want to start” (Redish 29). Because of all the drop down menus and main focus items that cover the home 
page, NASA anticipates the questions visitors might have when visiting the page. One important factor about this is the jargon used in 
those menus. Redish says that when creating the page, it is important to evaluate search engines to see what words visitors’ type in most 
when looking for something. The point is to “[…] note their words. Don’t rewrite what they say into your jargon” (29). NASA is very good at
using terms everyone can understand, keeping technical terms away from the public eye except for in sections where technical terms are 
needed.

Pertaining to weaknesses, I can’t say there are many if at all. The page is very easy to navigate, the headlines are clear and concise, and
there are even moving images to catch the eye. The only weakness that might matter is the age of the visitor. Because of all the moving 
parts and lack of negative space, it might be more difficult for someone with eye problems to be able to read everything clearly. The 
negative space that does exist is black, which is fitting for the space theme, but that might be what throws off the elderly since white 
is the common background. The contrast between the black background and images on it are obvious. Nothing is blending in with the 
background. Also, I see no options for assistance with those who are hearing impaired or those who might be blind.


Website 2: sharkopedia.discovery.com

Bite
Haha! Bite! Get the pun? :)
This website also caters to a general audience. I feel like with the increase of sharks because of shark week on the Discovery Channel in 
July, people generally have more of an interest in sharks than they used to. This site is very easy to use. The layout is similar to 
nasa.gov. The most well-known sharks are splashed across the page, while the lesser known are lurking lower on the page waiting to be read
about.

Snack
This sharkopedia site provides information about the types of sharks that are known about, alive or extinct. At the top of the page, the 
headline includes “Types of Sharks, All About Sharks, Shark Quizzes, Save Sharks, Virtual Reality, and Get the Book.” These options do not 
have a drop down menu like the options did in nasa.gov, but the lists are extensive so it would not make sense to have it in a drop down 
menu anyway. The very first thing on the home page is a giant box with close up pictures of the scariest sharks, reeling in potential shark
enthusiasts. As you scroll down, some sharks are featured. These featured sharks are of interest for various reasons, including information
on the some of the lesser known, as well as safety tips when coming in contact with a shark and even the top threatened sharks. Near the 
bottom, there is a list of the eighteen most well known sharks that a visitor could click on to learn more information.

Meal
When looking for a site to analyze for this project, I thought of my own interests. When I googled “shark website,” this site was fourth on
the list. The name of the site intrigued me, something Redish says website designers should be aware of. She says, “In many situations, 
people’s emotions are important characteristics for you to keep in mind” (Redish 25). Before I even got to the page, I was already 
interested in it just by seeing the name. When I got to the page, I felt like this was a site I could depend on. The colors used stick 
with the common color scheme that the Discovery Channel uses for their logo, allowing me to trust that this website knew what it was 
talking about. There are links to Facebook and Twitter so I could share this information with my friends if I chose to do so. The layout 
of the page is easy. They show moving water with sharks swimming below, they have pictures of each shark in their natural habitat (not all 
sharks thrive in open water), and each interactive page is actually fun to scroll through. This site does a good job of capturing the 
audience’s attention and keeping their attention. I got distracted while looking through the website because the amount of information and 
the way it is displayed is quite impressive. I could easily spend hours on this site. The way this site is setup reminds me so much of 
Lanham. In his essay, Jeremy Campbell says, “The view arose of information as an active agent, something that does not just sit there 
passively, but ‘informs’ the material world […]” (4). Parts of the website almost literally interact the way a book does. Scrolling down 
the page is exactly like flipping a page in a book. It is really neat. This website is anything but passive. Just by flipping through it, 
I read up on the frilled shark because the information on each piece was short, and the pictures were captivating. This is the way to 
create a website.
